[Applause]
[Music]
if you sit up I'm gonna ask you a series
of questions how are you feeling okay
here comes Africa many elves are helping
us tonight Merry Christmas
so I think the important thing is that
we put on our hats what time is it okay
right we're now getting prayer super fun
game called
ghosts of strictly past is a ghost
[Music]
I'm going to give you some clues thank
you in Week three you were left
unimpressed by this ghosts jive that
could be most of the nation okay now I'm
going to tell you one of the remarks you
made this ghost of strictly past you
said this ghosts salsa was like Bonnie
Langford being chased by a barking
demisch that's how you described this
case who does that remind you of there's
no way that Anita Dawson would be in my
bedroom at this ungodly
[Applause]
you can stay for this mustn't give any
clues and we're now going to bring in
the next ghost from straight you left
Colt by this ghosts salsa so let's
remind you what would how would you
describe this salsa oh very good look
I'll see the hip action this is your
first estimate where you can turn around
and give us some hip action
[Music]
shimmy well I can tell you when this
ghost was eliminated you actually voted
to save them over Charles ven
[Applause]
right we're now going to move to your
third ghost I can tell you that you were
very dissatisfied with this ghost chart
charge let's have a reminder
[Music]
[Laughter]
movie week you said that this ghost
performance was reminiscent of the
lobster on acid are we closer to
identify a person working radio
would you like to hazard against Heather
Mills darling well thank you very much
fog ghosts from strictly past
[Music]
Christmas would not be Christmas without
you little kazoo
please welcome
[Applause]
[Music]
of course it's Widow Twankey right now
Widow Twankey is going to read a series
of statements and all you have to do is
answer with either oh yes he is or oh no
he isn't it's as simple as that ready we
are as evolved as Michael Buble is the
biggest selling Christmas artists of all
time
oh no he isn't you're absolutely right
Paul O'Grady is starring in Goldilocks
and the three bears panto at the London
Palladium this year
oh no he isn't oh yes
[Applause]
here we go the third question Bruno
Tonioli is the city cop dancing head
judge
[Applause]
trying to get out of the door you better
give him a glass of champagne so is
actually going to bring in the prison
I'm gonna ask you some questions and I
will of this complete the title of the
following TV show the blank Buds of May
the something the darling I'm thinking
it's not a penguin no because they have
sort of good turnout male or female I'd
say that's lady let's move on to the
next question in the famous children's
story Peter Pan
what is the surname of Wendy John and
Michael I do know this
I'm going to remove Oh what's happening
here it could be a woman dressed as a
man it could be the Slenderman oh it's a
narrow haired woman interesting but
you're not feds making guesses point
politician who served as Chancellor of
the Exchequer between 2007 and 2010 was
called Alistair
[Music]
that is a definite man half your
Australian austrian-born
so this should be easy for you what is
the capital of the Northern Territory of
Australia okay for that you're going to
get another male so let's go through
we've got two male hands and cue female
who do you know that has the feet of a
lady bass okay which Indian city located
near the Himalayas is noted for its
exceptional tea it's now getting very
close
oh yes no it's becoming clearer you know
is that Anton dubeck oh my goodness
it's making me woman with baby freezin
manly hands
[Music]
what do you mean it's over Merry
Christmas
thanks very much look at this mess I'm
just have these laundered as well just
their company dozens in the house
justice okay what's the big nightmare
[Applause]
[Music]
you